Fix mentioning Slack users/groups (#21734)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/notifications.md

{{< imgbox max-width="40%" img="/img/docs/v4/slack_notification.png" caption="Alerting Slack Notification" >}}

> To set up Slack, you need to configure an incoming Slack webhook URL. You can follow their guide on how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Slack, you need to configure an incoming Slack webhook URL. You can follow the Slack guide on how
```

Author: To be honest, I think the older wording is better, since the new wording sounds overly repetitive to my ears (3x Slack in the same sentence). Besides, wording wasn't introduced by my PR, so if you want to change it around I think it's better to make a new PR.

> to do that [here](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks). If you want to include screenshots of the firing alerts

Reviewer: Please rewrite this so that it removes "here" as the link text. Per the Documentation Style Guide, we want to use descriptive linking text, such as the title of the page being linked to, rather than uninformative verbiage such as "here."

Author: @oddlittlebird The text in question isn't touched by my PR so I think it's out of scope for the review, but since it's such an uncontroversial change, sure.

in the Slack messages you have to configure either the [external image destination](#external-image-store) in Grafana,
or a bot integration via Slack Apps. Follow Slack's guide to set up a bot integration and use the token provided
(https://api.slack.com/bot-users), which starts with "xoxb".

Setting | Description
---------- | -----------
Url | Slack incoming webhook URL.
Username | Set the username for the bot's message.
Recipient | Allows you to override the Slack recipient.
Icon emoji | Provide an emoji to use as the icon for the bot's message. Ex :smile:
Icon URL | Provide a url to an image to use as the icon for the bot's message.

> Mention Users | Mention one or more comma separated users in the Slack notification sent by Grafana. You have to refer to users via their Slack IDs (you can get a user's ID from their Slack profile).

Reviewer 2: Could you maybe include an example url, I'm looking in the slack app but cannot find any id. Do you have to go to website/administration of slack workspace? Same in a few different places that makes me confused.

Author: @marefr I'm not sure what you mean by example URL. It's sort of difficult to explain more I think, without going really into detail with screenshots and all. Basically you have to f.ex. right click a username in chat and click their name to visit their profile, from where you can click the "More" button and then "Copy member ID".

I don't think it makes sense to be too detailed here about how to navigate Slack's UI, since it could change and then our documentation is stale.

> Mention Users | Optionally mention one or more comma separated users in the Slack notification sent by Grafana. You have to refer to users via their Slack IDs (you can get a user's ID from their Slack profile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mention Users | Optionally mention one or more comma-separated Slack IDs in the Slack notification sent by Grafana. You can get a user's ID from their Slack profile.
```

Author: @oddlittlebird Based on my knowledge of the Slack API specs and my practical usage of it, I think the suggested wording is less technically precise. If I were to read this documentation in order to understand the semantics of the setting, I would definitely find the original wording the most helpful. The reason being that the resulting message mentions users and not IDs; the IDs (and not any kind of Slack IDs, but _user_ IDs in particular) just happen to be how users are referenced when communicating with the Slack API.

Reviewer: I was mostly trying to combine the two sentences, since they seemed kind of choppy. What about Slack user IDs? If that does not work for you, then just make sure the hyphen in "comma-separated" is added and I shall be happy.

Author: @oddlittlebird I changed to "comma-separated already". I think I see how I can improve the sentence. The basic structure of the sentence is necessary, since while the goal is to mention Slack users, for this setting you have to provide user IDs, so you can't just refer to the latter.

Author: @oddlittlebird I rewrote the sentences a bit, to make it clear that the IDs of the setting must be comma-separated, and that it doesn't apply to the resulting mentions in Slack.

Reviewer: Much better, thank you!

> Mention Groups | Optionally mention one or more comma separated groups in the Slack notification sent by Grafana. You have to refer to groups via their Slack IDs (you can get a group's ID from its Slack profile URL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mention Groups | Optionally mention one or more comma-separated group Slack IDs in the Slack notification sent by Grafana. You can get a group's ID from its Slack profile URL.
```

Author: See my explanation above.

> Mention Channel | Mention either all channel members (_@channel_) or just active ones (_@here_).

Reviewer 2: Maybe better UX to have a drop down with options `Disabled`, `Everyone`, `Every online member`.

> Mention Channel | Optionally mention either all channel members or just active ones.

Reviewer: How do I choose if it will mention all channel members or just active ones?

Author: @oddlittlebird It's self explanatory through the UI options (you can choose "Every active channel member" or "Every channel member").
